ESL just keeps on coming up and
attacking you throughout the oldest
interview oh he's coming back yeah
all right I'm joined right now by his
head scarrans at the sir after his
outrageous victory over TSM you just
pick your kin into the ground spin is
that a good feeling pretty good he said
he said he said he's not friends anymore
he gives it professional he's gone
alright we're here with covers presented
by Omni slash at the halfway point of
the LCS season splits rings play I'm
joined right now by stone spear talk to
you a couple weeks ago but you guys keep
winning so you're back again here with
me no no all right look I know everybody
ask you this Holly asked you this but
legitimately how much were you did this
Matt game matter to you because you were
going up against TSM yeah so I think
when we went up against TL all my
teammates really wanted to win because
they're playing its impact and he was
like making comments about like just
being in c9 before where everyone just
feel super hungry like to defeat the
former teammate and I kinda had the same
feeling going up against TSM where I
just know how TSM is as a team and house
like the press kind of to get off the
loss so I just really want it's like
just like make them feel that way I
guess damn why why because they kicked
you or I mean I've just been like
depressed for so long like after every
loss on TSM where the whole whole
atmosphere is just super down so I just
don't wanna be a part of that okay so
but you said you wanted to make them
feel that way I mean kind of because I'm
not a part of that team anymore so I
just want to make c9 win okay okay I
mean this is brutal you're like I know
how bad it feels when they lose so I
wanted them to experience that without
me like that's so aggressive I guess
so they're like not today we're gonna
have sped feel that way doubt us okay so
super epic very very clean win for you
guys echovox cloud 9 headed off tomorrow
both even tomorrow shows who's the best
team in the LCS and in my opinion what
do you think is going to come out of
that yeah so growing up against echo fox
where we lost last time we faced them
but I feel like we should have been able
to beat them but we like trying out some
new picks and just historically like
Jayce hasn't been that strong and like
na LCS so we like to try out some new
picks and stuff where I feel like if we
just pick like pretty standard stuff
tomorrow and we should be able to beat
them ok what is the more important match
for you this weekend
like from a nervous perspective TSM or
or echo fox cos from a records
perspective much more likely you beat
TSM on the other hand obviously there's
the history yes I think I think I fought
more about the TSM match obviously just
because of the history between me and
TSM and just getting like revenge for
them kicking me so I just had more
thoughts about that even though like
being 1st place could be feeling nice
but I think the difference between 1st
and 2nd isn't really that big of a deal
to me where yeah just like reaching
playoffs is like all that matters so as
1st or 2nd is Pro fine yeah alright so
it's more of a glory thing for you
rather than like a practical thing all
right let's talk a little bit about your
family situation because you actually
have a member of your family here right
yeah so riot which I'm grateful for
actually flew in my little brother for a
week just to do like an article and it
was his first time ever like flying
really and the first time like trying
new food kind of he's only had Danish
food kind of so just like American
burgers was just like mind-blowing for
him so we're just been eating like
pretty badly have you been able to hang
out with them much because I mean
obviously like all the teams are
screaming so much right now yeah I mean
we decide Monday where we went to like
2p and went out to eat and it's been
kind of it otherwise he's just been by
himself or like watching screams first
which is kind of nice in c---nine that
they're so friendly like he's just been
allowed to like chill around the house
where even though we had screams your
sister loves like watch and like I was
able to like talk to him during the day
because I've heard a lot of other seems
they wouldn't really allow anyone who's
just like chill they're doing screams
I'm pretty grateful for allowing him to
stay around tomorrow and pick and ban
face everything is gonna go wrong
against echo fox and afterwards your
younger brother's just gonna come up to
you and be like I was a spy the whole
time Rick Fox giving me those stacks
thanks for letting me watch scribbs you
suck no uh well but okay so he's like
how if you don't mind me asking how old
is he he's 19 and he had never flown so
how long has it been since you saw him
probably during winter break right
uh yeah doing Christmas so you had a
chance to kind of show him around what
food you said he'd never tried like
American food would you what'd you bring
him to I mean we went out to eat with I
mean even like Italian food was new to
him so we went out to eat with c---nine
and he tried like some steak and stuff
which had steak I mean he's had steak
before but not like good steak I guess
that was pretty good for him and just
like we're into you drama as well that's
this is right bring him over for an
article I wish I wish Travis gravity
sports have that kind of fun all right
uh other than that let's just go back to
cloud nine do you think that you are the
best team in the na LCS right now I mean
I want to believe we're the best but
it's pretty hard to say right now like I
don't really care too much about the
regular season because all the good
teams really just show up doing the
playoffs so I don't really care for the
best thing right now I just really want
to keep improving and be good for
playoffs hey and then final question on
this kind of going back to your brother
thing I was just thinking about this is
you're answering why is he not out here
right now hanging out with you he says
he's not a fan right so he doesn't wanna
go to the fan meet so he's too cool for
that stuff you just wanna chill I guess
that's good that's good
all right so we'll find out tomorrow if
you guys are the best really cool to
hear a story about your brother
that is really neat if right to bring
them out here and looking forward to
reading the article is there anything
that you would like
to say to anyone out there I mean I just
said a lot of times just thanks for this
United fans for cheering for me and hope
to make you guys proud yeah is there
anyone in particular that gives you like
a lot of support oh I love that guy
Earth's not parties help ESL just keeps
on coming up and attacking you
throughout all this interview oh he's
coming back yeah yeah and your
Valentine's date for you I mean I give
you the recommendation where did you go
for Valentine's Day
when out with my girlfriend where what
restaurant at a restaurant called Grimm
okay it was pretty nice yeah he was he's
been trying to get me to go that too
yeah all right no back to the final
question anyone in particular that
really supports you any way you want to
go to show that to Valentine's Day was
recent you know this week is this 81 in
particular and maybe that's this one
girl my girlfriend oh yeah that's a good
call where you girl thank you so much
for the interview spend for anyone else
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel did you know
that me and Brodin the cameraman are
basically contractually obligated to
stick around Travis for the rest of his
life
we just we can't leave we're not allowed
to leave bread and put your hand in
front of the camera let them know you're
here
it's a sad life we live sad life brought
to you by Omni slash